[M MAGE A gasps]
It's Lady Aliceliese!
Greetings, my lady.
What brings you out here?
[ALICE] I had some business
in the neighborhood.
[M MAGE A]
Wait, please!
This area is off limits!
[ALICE]
It's the vortex.
[RIN]
Yes. There's no mistaking it.
[ON] Oh, it's only you two,
what a relief.
So, Masked Lord.
Do you plan to keep
this for yourself?
Of course not. I'd never.
As I said, we only just
confirmed our findings.
Yes, in fact...
We were just about
to report the finding
to Her Majesty.
Ah. What perfect timing.
Kissing, my dear,
please join us.
Come now, Kissing.
Alice is your relative.
You don't remember?
Ah, well, it can't be helped.
You were so little back then.
Anyway, Alice.
Don't worry about the vortex.
I shall defend it well.
[ALICE] Are you implying
she alone can stop
the Imperial Army's attack?
I believe her talent could
surpass even yours.
No disrespect, of course.
I didn't intend to cast
doubt upon the Zoa's
treasured child.
But still, there's the matter
of the vortex's power.
What does your family
plan to do with it?
Do you wish to engage
in an all‐out war
with the Empire?
Of course! Don't we all?
It's what every astral
mage has wanted
for the last century!
[MISMIS]
Say that again, Nene?
Did I really hear that
there are astral power
readings from the base?
HQ's analyzing it now,
but they do know
that it's different
from the vortex.
[ISKA]
Could it be from an astral art?
[beeping]
Unit N07. Mismis.
Huh? Right. Understood.
HQ confirmed the readings
from the base.
They were from an astral art.
So that means the
astral power forces
have infiltrated our base.
I bet they kidnapped
those units.
Who knows if we'll
ever find them.
Do we have our orders?
As of right now,
they're closing ranks,
which means moving all
of the important stuff
to a closer base.
As for us, we're supposed
to keep searching
for the vortex.
What else, Nene?
Well, a reading.
There's a power source nearby.
We'll search the area
with a fine‐toothed comb.
Boss, you lead.
Oh, yes, of course.
Um, that way!
It's astral light!
Over 2,000 lunas!
Nice, Captain! We found it!
That's gotta be
the vortex, you guys!
So that means we're the unit
that made the discovery?
We might get commended for this!
Hate to break it to you,
but it looks like
we aren't the first
ones here, after all.
Oh, good, it's Noro's unit!
[laughs]
Hey, Mismis!
Did you see the light
from the vortex just now?
I did!
How unfortunate.
[MISMIS]
Huh?
A good while before
you guys spotted it,
the Sovereignty set up
a wicked little trap
in the bottom of the canyon.
Our plan was to capture
any Imperial troops
headed this way.
Looks like it worked!
[MISMIS gasps]
Captain!
Stay right where you are!
[NENE]
She's a witch!
[SHANOROTTE]
That's right!
I am what you mongrels
call a witch!
Along with every other
soldier in my unit!
No way. Who are you?
What have you done
with the real Noro?
Haven't you been
listening to me?
You're even stupider
than I thought.
But your idiocy's
what I love about you.
The real Shanorotte Gregory
was born and raised
in the Nebulis Sovereignty.
From our very first meeting,
you've been acquainted
with a mage,
the one and only "Noro."
[NAMELESS]
Out of my way.
Fifth Division Unit 004.
You will now be prosecuted.
[NAMELESS] Filthy witches,
sneaking into the Empire.
I'll handle her.
You stay back.
Hi, Nameless.
[NAMELESS] Did you really think
I wouldn't notice a traitor
within our ranks?
Oh, that's right.
Big, Bad Mister Saint
Disciple is from
the Assassination Force!
But I can't afford
to be captured here,
so I'll take my leave.
[NAMELESS]
You will be prosecuted.
‐‐Jhin!
‐‐On it!
[NAMELESS] Soldier,
have you lost your mind?
[ISKA]
You forced me.
You were going
to hit Shanorotte
and our captain, too.
[NAMELESS] Insubordination
against a commander?
Do you want to go
back to prison?
[JHIN]
Saint Disciple, sir.
Don't you think we
should be tracking them?
We have a pretty good idea
where they're going.
[NAMELESS]
Your mission remains unchanged.
We can't allow the vortex
to fall into enemy hands.
[JHIN]
You serious?
[NAMELESS]
Once I return to base,
we'll bomb their
whole operation.
They'll be annihilated, and that
will be the end of that.
[ON] It doesn't appear to be
as large as I expected.
[ALICE] Since we're dealing with
a smaller than normal vortex,
the reality is, only
a few mages could reap
the benefits, even if
they jumped in.
[ON]
Yes.
One or two could gain a little
strength, but no more.
Alas, it would be of no use,
the astral energy'd be spent.
[F COMMANDER A] My Lord, comrade
Shanorotte has returned.
[ON]
Ah. What've we here?
You've captured
an Imperial soldier!
Excellent work.
[SHANOROTTE]
I'm honored, My Lord.
[MISMIS]
Huh?
What?
[ALICE]
This isn't good.
No one knows about
my meetings with Iska
in the Neutral City!
Hold on.
I think I've seen you before.
[ALICE]
No! You must be mistaken.
Oh! That's right!
I remember!
You're the girl Iska‐‐
How could you be so careless?
Even bound, an enemy
soldier shouldn't be here.
[SHANOROTTE]
Yes. My apologies!
Thanks. That was close.
Yes, but what are
the odds of this?
The captain and the swordsman.
I simply can't believe
how many times
they've stood in our way.
I believe we've hit the jackpot!
[RIN]
We have?
Comrade Shanorotte.
I'll take it from here.
All I need is the location of
the Imperial Army's camp.
[RIN] Lady Alice,
what's your plan, exactly?
[ALICE] This is my
one‐in‐a‐million chance!
I may not get another
opportunity to fight Iska!
[RIN]
What?
Lady Alice, have you
lost your mind?
Quite the opposite, actually.
I'm coming for you, Iska!
[NENE]
Footprints!
[JHIN] The tracker's pointing
right at the vortex's location.
They must have taken Boss there.
[NENE] We've only got
two more hours before
they launch a missile.
‐‐Damn.
‐‐There it goes!
A short‐distance missile
from our base!
I guess they decided
to launch early.
When's the next?
In 30...
...maybe 20 minutes.
And based on the
ballistics data they got
from that one, their
accuracy's gonna improve.
[ISKA]
There's no time.
Let's move.
Don't panic!
We knew the Empire
was going to bomb us.
All troops!
Retreat to the second base!
Noro, please, stop this.
Oh, don't look at me with
those sad puppy dog eyes.
It just makes me want to yank
your leash harder.
I'm taking our captain back.
I don't think so, soldier!
You stopped my lightning?
How dare, you, scum!
[SHANOROTTE]
Impossible!
[KISSING]
Th‐‐
Thorns... hurt.
[SHANOROTTE]
Lady Kissing!
Does this mean you're swooping
in to lend me your aid?
Come Thorns.
Eliminate.
[KISSING]
Elimination complete.
See, Uncle?
My first mission complete.
Oh, Lady Kissing,
you're amazing!
It's clear you truly carry
the Founder's blood!
[KISSING]
Imperial soldiers.
Eliminate.
Those are my orders.
[ISKA]
Get behind me, Captain.
But Iska!
She's a purebred.
And a powerful one.
[ALICE] Don't you think it's
odd that no one's home?
Lady Alice!
[ALICE]
Rin!
[NAMELESS]
Good instincts.
A Saint Disciple. Be careful.
An Optical camouflage suit.
I've heard all about you.
"Nameless," is it?
[NAMELESS] I see you got
intel from Shanorotte.
[ALICE]
Pleased to meet you.
Forgive my abruptness,
but I'm extremely upset.
[NAMELESS]
About what?
[ALICE] Why, about you
injuring Rin, of course.
And the circumstances
which caused me
to just miss someone with
whom I have business.
Bad luck, surely.
Anyway.
I hope you won't mind if I take
all my anger out on you.
He avoided my attack?
Become a star.
Random attack?
[KISSING]
This is unexpected.
A strong opponent.
Saint Disciple.
Liberate my ability. Recombine.
[ISKA]
She can regenerate objects?
[KISSING]
Imperial soldier.
Disappear.
Ice Calamity.
Thousand Thorn Blizzard!
Pierce through!
[NAMELESS]
Too slow.
This can't be!
[NAMELESS]
Allow me to return the favor.
Apologies for overstepping.
Not at all.
I am grateful.
[NAMELESS]
Oh? Did I kill your bravado?
[ALICE]
Forgive my impertinence.
Saint Disciple of the
eighth seat, Nameless.
I had my doubts about
your strength.
Allow me to express
my sincerest apologies.
Now I'll show you my true power.
Great Ice Calamity.
[RIN]
It seems he got away.
[ALICE]
Let's go back.
What a waste of time.
Was that near the vortex?
[KISSING]
Elimination complete.
[ISKA]
Oh? Who did you eliminate?
He's okay!
What happened?
How could he escape?
[KISSING] The black slices
through the astral art.
And white...
white resurrects it?
Counters.
[ISKA]
Never mind that for now.
I want to know who taught
you such a self‐destructive
way of fighting.
Liberate. Dragon of Thorns!
[ISKA]
You are a formidable opponent.
But you mark my words:
That doesn't mean that
you can win every time.
[MISMIS]
Oh, Iska!
I'm so glad you're okay!
I knew it!
I had no doubt you'd rescue me!
We have to retreat now.
I had better carry
this purebred back.
[ON]
I don't think so.
You twisted away just in time.
Amazing reflexes
and bodily control.
[ISKA]
Who are you?
[ON]
Don't worry about me.
You should be concerning
yourself with your captain.
Please excuse me.
We'll meet again.
Imperial soldier whose
name I don't know.
Captain!
[ALICE]
Iska!
[ISKA]
Captain!
Come on!
[ALICE]
Iska!
You owe me an answer!
[ISKA]
Alice!
You fool, where have you
been this whole time?
I went all the way to
the Imperial camp,
but you weren't there!
I, for one, blame that
fraudulent fortune teller.
She's the one who told me
that you'd be nearby!
Fortune teller?
Ugh! Never mind that now!
Here, grab my hand! Quickly!
[ISKA]
Uh...
I'll only help you
under one condition.
As soon as we get
our feet on the ground,
you have to fight me.
That's the sole reason
I went looking for you
in the first place!
[ISKA] If that's your condition,
then I accept.
I'll hold you to that.
[ALICE]
Spirals! Light the way!
[F SPIRIT A]
So e lu emnue xel noi es.
Oh, no!
The astral energy is
increasing way too quickly!
[RIN]
Lady Alice! Are you all right?
[ALICE] How dare the astral
spirit get in our way at
that moment!
It was like the
worst timing ever!
Huh?
And just when I finally
got to see him again!
You'd better stay alive
until you and I
can have our fight.
[NENE]
Iska! Captain Mismis!
[JHIN]
Iska. You good?
[ISKA]
Yeah, barely, though.
We both fell into the vortex.
What? How'd you survive that?
[ISKA]
I guess I owe her one.